welcome back at six is TV it's time for
a session they got your attention didn't
it now part of the beauty of the show is
the fact you yes you watching can show
us more of the world of extreme sport
music by living it by filming it by
sharing it with us
much like Benson has teamed it this week
taking us to stunning picker ebay for
the invitational surf comp it's out of
Banks Peninsula and this man not only
concerned but he can presume he is good
give him a job Llewelyn Thomas
birth of 2005 picker Invitational and
it's steaming
Sonia shape and
so we're here at the hickory
Invitational having a moment with dogger
he's the man in the South he ate a trout
no doubt boys come up from Dunedin yep
Wednesday with Taecyeon overnight that
was a bit of an experience so you know
he's had every time he does he does he
just it gets naughty old good eh I'm
here with Tony Shaffer Tony charge he
Shaffer he's been ripping it up all day
like the stealing that is a thing go
mate good mate nice day all the boys
together had a few night and a few ways
even though it's not that good but you
know mother nature we're gonna get some
power if you're bitch tonight so it's
gonna all in all it's gonna be a good
day
well hopefully it's more about fun and
grassroots surfing and have a good time
people meeting that usually go to
competitions all together then it love
time for just a good old time with the
boys and the week after week
some drawed up
I take my hat off to you Benson the team
he shot this piece for expression
sessions not only are we seeing some
very cool surfing but we're also seeing
some very cool people just having a good
time that's what it's about you two can
do the same just film it and send it to
us
now in the white here is van race he
came third in this competition
and the yellow it's hayden brain he
competes on the New Zealand Pro Tour
that bird doesn't go and the blue and
tomorrow Sophie's within the Rex Vaughn
whooping big wave challenge a nice
little metre offshore swell there and
Banks Peninsula
what a smart go and visit it just ask
Bob he'll show you where all the good
breaks are and if you're a hard man you
want your body ripped to shreds magnet
babe here's a little tip for you
expression session at its best just look
at it you can do the same express
yourself and show the rest of New
Zealand the world beyond
thank you so much 2 jaemin Ellington of
Summoner for shooting this stuff vents
Maloney for organizing the event and of
course our presenter Luallen Thomas he
did a good job
in fact we should hire a bit hiram so
here we are back at the beautiful Hecker
ebay Invitational resort it's beautiful
the people we are enjoying the sponsors
product after a great day we've got the
cry and whine rafters as well so we'll
put that okay thank you
how're fred is good mates good times
twist comes crop lot of fun and good
times you know it was a ways a bit small
net bows sittings all right then even
after work